_members/david-nicholson.md, before:

---
name: David Nicholson
aliases:
  - David N. Nicholson
image: images/team/david.jpg
role: phd
links:
  orcid: 0000-0003-0002-5761
  email: davnic@mail.med.upenn.edu
  github: danich1
---

David is a Ph.D. student in the Greene Lab through [Penn’s Genomics and Computational Biology (GCB) PhD Program](https://www.med.upenn.edu/gcb/).
David graduated from University of Maryland Baltimore County in 2015 with a B.S. in Computer Science and minor in Bioinformatics.
He joined the lab in summer 2017.
He was awarded a [T32 Training Grant](https://genomedt32.med.upenn.edu/compgen/people/).
His research interests include machine learning with a focus on deep learning methods, natural language processing (NLP) and network analysis.
Currently, his work focuses on using a publicly available resource called [Hetionet](https://het.io/), which is a heterogeneous network that contains pharmacological and biological information.
He recently submitted a [manuscript](https://greenelab.github.io/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript/) that involved evaluating a text mining framework that to quickly scale up Hetionet.

Commit message:

Update david desc (#39)
* Update greenelab bio blurb

* Update david-nicholson.md

* Switching to markdown to make life easier

_members/david-nicholson.md, after:

---
name: David Nicholson
aliases:
  - David N. Nicholson
image: images/team/david.jpg
role: phd
links:
  home-page: https://danich1.github.io
  orcid: 0000-0003-0002-5761
  email: dnicholson329@gmail.com
  github: danich1
  twitter: dnicholson329
---

David is a rising 6th year Ph.D. candidate at the Unversity of Pennsylvania (Penn) in the [Genomics and Computational Biology](https://www.med.upenn.edu/gcb/) program. 
He utilizes Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing techniques to analyze biomedical text.
At Penn, he joined the [Greenelab](https://greenelab.com) in 2017 and was appointed as a trainee on the T32 Computational Genomics training grant from the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI).
He has presented at the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB) Rocky Mountain Bioinformatics  conference, Cold Spring Harbor's Biological Data Science Symposium, and was invited to speak at Elsevier's Labs Online Lecture series. 
He graduated from the University of Maryland Baltimore County (UMBC) with a B.S. degree in Computer Science and a minor in Bioinformatics. 
During his time at UMBC, he was a part of the Meyerhoff Scholars program (M23) and was appointed as a Marc U*Star Scholar.
While he is not working in the lab, he spends his time investing in the stock/crypto market and playing on his PS4 or Nintendo Switch Lite.
As he advances towards the end of his Ph.D. journey, he seeks to become a data scientist where he can continue to improve and use his analytical skills.
